v0.28: Add faceting to core concepts+index settings (#1767)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/configuration/settings.md

<CodeSamples id="faceted_search_update_settings_1" />

## Faceting

> The faceting settings of an index. Facets are specific uses-cases of filters, depending on your UI and UX design.

Author: ```suggestion
The faceting settings of an index. Facets are specific use-cases of filters that can be used to refine search results.
```
